Your global partner in reimagining healthcare
We solve complex problems for some of the world’s most innovative healthcare companies. From navigating evolving regulatory environments to facilitating transformative transactions, our flexible and forward-thinking approach helps you mitigate risk and achieve your goals.

The highly regulated healthcare industry is changing rapidly, driven by technological innovation, shifting payment models, and widespread consolidation and integration. Our clients rely on our broad industry knowledge, experience in healthcare regulation and deep understanding of their businesses to navigate these changes.

Healthcare transformation requires creative thinking and bold solutions. As you grow and innovate, we’ll support you at every stage. Clients choose us because our lawyers translate complex legal topics into clear guidance and insight that helps them succeed.

We work with a wide range of healthcare clients around the world. They include entrepreneurs, private equity, venture capital, SPACs and other investors, payors, physicians, hospitals and health systems, pharmacies, laboratories, home health, skilled care and other healthcare facilities, medical device, health technology companies, and digital health innovators.

With offices worldwide and a broad range of practice groups, we’ll take a multijurisdictional and cross-discipline approach to addressing your most complex issues. Together, we’ll guide you through growth and change.

Pioneers in technology law, partnering with today’s tech trailblazers
You anticipate changes and seize opportunities. We bring relationships, experience, and insight to help technology leaders thrive.
FROM GARAGE TO GLOBAL

You can call on our top-ranked team to advise throughout your entire business lifecycle. We meet you where you are, from garage to global. We understand the technology you own and use. And we’re where you need us to be – in the world’s largest tech hubs. We spot opportunities, track best practices and regulatory trends, and help you succeed. 

Our 600-lawyer tech group handles corporate transactions ranging from emerging growth and venture capital to M&A, private equity and capital markets. We advise on IP issues including technology transfers, inbound and outbound licensing and distribution, outsourcing, privacy and government contracts.

We work on fintech and blockchain counseling on NFTs, cryptocurrency and digital payments, and litigation, including IP and regulatory. We know the players framing new regulations for AI, cryptocurrency, IoT and wireless devices, autonomous vehicles, and data privacy and management. Our relationships with lawmakers, combined with our experience, help us predict and prevent risks and uncover opportunities.

In addition, our team helps ensure your innovations and products are protected and profitable using global risk mitigation strategies in intellectual property, consumer class action, and other technology disputes. Our lawyers are experienced technology trial lawyers with an exceptional win rate. We know the laws, courts, and jurisdictions where most technology disputes occur, and can explain complex technologies to judges and juries to increase the probability of success in any case. We are known for our ability to manage high-risk cases across multiple venues in the US and worldwide for the world’s leading technology companies.

We can also guide you on evolving best practices for sustainability and environmental, social, and governance issues when considering new ventures, such as alternative supply chains and payment ecosystems. And we can help you report your ESG milestones in your corporate and social responsibility reports.

For decades, clients have trusted us for technology matters. We’re a pioneer in the field, launching in the heart of Silicon Valley more than 50 years ago with our predecessor firm, Gray Cary Ware & Freidenrich LLP, one of the original Silicon Valley law firms.

Helping the industry innovate in a changing environment
Accelerating the energy transition will require virtually every business, particularly those in the energy and natural resources industry, to innovate and adapt to build a better future. We support you in tackling these challenges, seizing opportunities in an uncertain environment.  
The energy and natural resources industry faces fresh challenges every day. A highly volatile and uncertain market is fraught with increasing regulation, price shifts, supply chain issues and geopolitical disruptions. You’re looking for new technologies, innovative ways of doing business, efficiencies and market breakthroughs – such as hydrogen – to reshape your business and shift to a more sustainable future. 

Our Energy and Natural Resources team understands this fundamental change and how it affects your business, whether you are in the power, renewables, mining, commodities trading, oil and gas, waste, water or hydrogen markets. We advise the regulators, the regulated, investors, developers and other key industry stakeholders, including governments.  

Our team walks alongside you during your project lifecycle including: inception, development, completion, operation and sale. We cover the legal, geographical, commercial and geopolitical aspects of your business across its entire value chain.  

We handle the full spectrum of your legal needs in the industry, from finance and project development to regulatory, corporate transactional, restructuring and dispute resolution. Our lawyers approach every issue with sustainability and ESG in mind.  

With 400+ lawyers in over 40 countries, we can help you wherever you do business. We become a part of your team and your decision-making process, sharing insights about what shareholders need and what’s trending.  

We are both advocates for our clients and players in the industry. So we know what it’s like to walk in your shoes. For example, when we advise you on corporate power purchase agreements, we bring to the table our own experience as the first law firm in the world to have signed one as off-takers.

